[Autogenerated] all right, we're back in visual studio code,
and we're ready to get rolling with what's in three dash sec dash rolls.
Let's go ahead and expand that out,
and the first thing we want to take a look at is
what's in commands .NET y-axis to.
And this will be important to understand what's
going on with the AWS credentials.
When we're looking at the Terra form configuration we're
gonna be using to AWS profiles here,
we're going to create an infrastructure profile and security account profile,
and the reason for that is because the infrastructure account
has no permissions in the security account.
So we have to create a profile for both,
and you're also going to have to go in and create a user in each account that
you'll be using for this portion of the demo I already have.
Those users created Elsie Vasquez and JSON Gibson.
JSON.
Gibson's user account has been created in the Security AWS account.
First, we're going to run a W s configure dash dash profile infra,
and that is going to create an infra profile in our AWS credentials.
So if I go ahead and run that bring up the command prompt.
It's going to show that I already have an access key set,
and I already have a secret access key set,
my region said to us East one, and I don't have a default output format,
and you can rinse and repeat for the SEC profile.
Those are the two profiles that we're gonna be
referencing in the terra form configuration,
so you need to have those set up already before you go
through the terra form initialization process.
So that's just a heads up.
So, you know,
let's go ahead and hide that command window and we'll go ahead and open up the main .NET e f file.